Doc 438 - Add docs for mc support (#478)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-support-perf.rst

===================
``mc support perf``
===================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support perf

Description
-----------

> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support perf` command to analyze the performance of an object, network, or drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support perf` command to analyze the performance of the S3 read/write, network IO, or drive read/write.
```

It's not really "performance of an object", it's S3 read/write performance. We should make that change throughout this page.

> The resulting test can provide general guidance of deployment performance under S3 ``GET`` and ``PUT`` requests.

Reviewer: And, more importantly, where any potential bottlenecks might be. Generally Network -> Drives -> S3 API in order from most to least likely.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support perf net minio1

Syntax
------

.. mc-cmd:: drive
   :fullpath:

Measure the speed of the drives in a cluster.

.. code-block:: shell
               
   mc [GLOBAL FLAGS] support perf drive   \
                   [--concurrent]         \
                   [--verbose, -v]        \
                   [--filesize]           \
                   [--blocksize]          \
                   [--serial]             \
                   ALIAS

.. mc-cmd:: object
   :fullpath:

Measure the speed of reading and writing objects in a cluster.

.. code-block:: shell
               
   mc [GLOBAL FLAGS] support perf object  \
                   [--duration]           \
                   [--size]               \
                   [--concurrent]         \
                   [--verbose, -v]        \
                   ALIAS  
            
.. mc-cmd:: net
   :fullpath:

Measure the network throughput of all nodes in a cluster.

.. code-block:: shell

   mc [GLOBAL FLAGS] support perf net  \
                   [--concurrent]      \
                   [--verbose, -v]     \
                   [--serial]          \
                   ALIAS

> Parameters

Reviewer: Hm. if we're doing the params like this here, but above some params only apply to a single command, we should state something like:

```
<parameter> only applies to <command(s)>

===================
``mc support perf``
===================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support perf

Description
-----------

> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support perf` command to analyze the performance of the S3 read/write, network I/O, or drive read/write.

Reviewer: Rethinking this a bit:

```suggestion
Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support perf` command to perform performance tests for S3 API (read/write), network IO, and storage (drive read/write)

```
Thoughts?

Author: Really don't like `perform performance`. :|
The rest is good, though.

Going with this for now unless one of us comes up with something better. 
> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support perf` command to review the performance of the S3 API (read/write), network IO, and storage (drive read/write).

> The resulting test can provide general guidance of deployment performance under S3 ``GET`` and ``PUT`` requests and identify any potential bottlenecks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting tests can provide general guidance of deployment performance under S3 ``GET`` and ``PUT`` requests and identify any potential bottlenecks.
```

Author: 👍

For more complete performance testing, consider using a combination of load-testing using your staging application environments and the MinIO `WARP <https://github.com/minio/warp>`_ S3 benchmarking tool.
   
:mc-cmd:`mc support perf` has three subcommands

#. :mc-cmd:`~mc support perf drive`

>    Measure the speed of a drive in a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Measure the speed of drives in a MinIO deployment.
```

Author: 👍

#. :mc-cmd:`~mc support perf net`

   Measure the network throughput of all nodes.

Examples
--------

Measure Speed of an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Measure the performance of S3 read/write of an object on the alias ``minio1``.
MinIO autotunes concurrency to obtain maximum throughput and IOPS (Input/Output Per Second).

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable
 
   mc support perf object minio1

Measure Speed of an Object of a Specific Size for a Specific Duration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Run object the S3 read/write performance of an object for 20 seconds with object size of 128MiB on alias ``minio1``.
MinIO autotunes concurrency to obtain maximum throughput.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support perf object minio1 --duration 20s --size 128MiB

Test Speed of All Drives on All Nodes with Default Specifications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Run drive read/write performance measurements on all drive on all nodes for a cluster with alias ``minio1``.
The command does not specify the blocksize, so the default of 4MiB is used.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable
 

>    mc support callhome get minio1

Reviewer: I think this is the wrong command - should be mc support drive?

Author: 😬
